
# Time-stamp: "2001-10-27 00:01:55 MDT"

=head1 NAME

Pod::Wordlist -- English words that come up in Perl documentation

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  None!  Take that!

=head1 ABOUT

Pod::Wordlist is used by L<Pod::Spell|Pod::Spell>, providing a set of words
(as keys in the hash C<%Pod::Spell::Wordlist>) that are English jargon
words that come up in Perl documentation, but which are not to be found
in general English lexicons.  (For example: autovivify, backreference,
chroot, stringify, wantarray.)

You can also use this wordlist with your word processor by just
pasting C<Pod/Wordlist.pm>'s content into your wordprocessor, deleting
the leading Perl code so that only the wordlist remains, and then
spellchecking this resulting list and adding every word in it to your
private lexicon.


=head1 CONTRIBUTING

You are welcome to send me your wordlists too, for possible incorporation
into this wordlist.  I can take them only in ASCII.

Note that the scope of this file is only English, specifically American
English.  (But you may find in useful to incorporate into your own
lexicons, even if they are for other dialects/languages.)


=head1 COPYRIGHT AND DISCLAIMER

Copyright (c) 2001 Sean M. Burke.  All rights reserved.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but without any warranty; without even the implied warranty of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.


=head1 AUTHOR

Sean M. Burke, sburke@cpan.org

[NB: This wordlist includes much of a wordlist that Mark-Jason Dominus
gave me.]

=cut


